high priority:
implement and test new cards
cards cost 0 in shop
courses too long/varied (410, 500yd, ?, 450 par 4 crs 1,2,3,4)
can click swing while ball is moving
scorecard text is misaligned in lose screen

low:
scorecard headers
need new tees Icon
new ball sprite
better shot preview arc
make cards more readable
more bg elements
view discard pile
add putting mechanic
disable selecting cards once hole is done
view deck can still drag course display
clubs that have variable stats need to update their card text. (also change color when modified to indicate)
pause can still hover cards in hand (but not click them)
using arrow keys to move course before clicking makes bg jump (not always based on bg element distance maybe?)
roll over make it say luck used instead of penalty if you have luck
add animation/indicator for drivers
when play a caddie, make the move duration scale with distance moved
add camera track ball while moving
dont delete hand/caddie/hole displays after hole until screen moves up
clicking card while waiting for discard and dragging mouse fast breaks hovering/dragging card
can drag course while waiting for discard. (or make it so you can and turn full black panel into just an area?)
move distance data marker to manager script so it does not snap to start of animation


ready for test:
(this was intended. need to update card desc)--bug: "dig through bag" card has timing issues (discards before done drawing)  
bug: "lone ranger" card does not update its carry text when hand changes 
bug: clouds can appear on screen
add: support for reverse ball rolling


idea: cart path tile that makes ball roll further, or bounce on it to get more distance

card ideas:


ideas for upgrades:
-hat or something. add to caddie and makes it level 2 caddie
-similar upgrade for upgrades. Or have specific ones that draw, give extra stats, etc

Or remove upgrades entirely and do artifact system (although this requires more artwork) and refactoring

add upgrades to new card select? Or cart girl comes with upgrades mid hole? Or in shop, can't buy any cards, but can reroll upgrades as much as you want (same as new card select, although you can buy each time)

misc notes:
deckbuilder fest in may 18-25
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/gui/icons/low-poly-pixel-ui-169751

cards list
	////Starter
    Driver - Standard Golf Club
    3 Wood - Standard Golf Club
    9 Iron - Standard Golf Club
7 Iron - Standard Golf Club
Sand Wedge - Standard Golf Club
    Pitching Wedge - Standard golf club
    Rangefinder - Standard Golf tool used to find distance to the flag
    Ace Ball - Basic ball that lets you hit it right down the middle of the fairway

    ////misc
    Find a Ball - Finding a ball hidden in the rough on the side of the fairway
Chip Johnson - Double iron carry. Cannot use woods.
    Distance Ball - Basic ball that adds distance to your shot
Back to Basics - You cannot use a special ball on this next shot
    Backspin - When the ball stops instead of rolls
Dead Stop Iron - Haunted looking golf club. Made of Bones/Grim Reaper Scythe, tombstone in background.
    Dig Through Your Bag - Looking through your bag (drawing cards)
    Ice Ball - Ball made of ice. Very slippery
    Lead Ball - Heavy Ball made out of metal
    Old Scorecard - Crumpled old scorecard
Reckless Swing - Discard a card to make you next shot go farther
Square Ball - Cube shaped ball that does not roll at all
Swiss Army Wedge - Golf Club that has tools sticking out of it
Tee Up - Places you ball on a tee while on the fairway
Long Ranger - Bigger shot if this is only club in hand
    Breakfast Ball - Ball that looks like bacon and eggs (term for when you mulligan your first shot)
Loner - Golf club (Iron) that is alone on an island. 
Finisher - get tees when hit into hole
Club of Greed - Gold/Fancy golf club
Pocket Aces - Gives you luck. Cards sticking out of a pocket
Caddie 4 - Gain luck after each shot
    Golf Glove - Standard glove used for golf

    ////big hand
Caddie 1 - Lose a stroke if you have 6+ cards in hand
Practice Swing - Taking a swing that does not actually hit the ball
Big Betty - Large and powerful driver
-
-

    ////toss (+3)
Unburden - Tossing your bag of clubs into the water
Recycle - Discard cards then draw cards

    ////caddie
Phone a Friend - draws caddies from your deck
Caddie 3 - Gain power for each caddie you have
Caddie 2 - Draw a card when you play another caddie
-
-

    ////hazards    
Caddie A - Get tees when you land in the sand/water
    Beach Ball - Large colorful plastic ball that likes being in the sand
Rubber Duck Ball - Ball that looks like a rubber duck floating on water
Shovel Wedge - Golf club that looks like a shovel to hit balls out of the sand
Big Iron - Large and powerful iron. Hits out of the rough
-


new:
caddie 5 - Gain power when you toss a card
voodoo doll - cannot be played. Gain 3 luck when you toss this.
Paper Club - Toss this after use. (club made out of paper)
Clover Ball - Gain +10 power for each luck you have




housesitting:
modular generated houses
random assortment of rules each time
use player's mic?
have some kind of monster in the house? (maybe only if you break certain rules)
don't tell the player the rules and they have to figure it out by trial/error? have multiple scenarios/jobs?
or have rules be very vague
rules:
- if you hear knocking, close the curtains
- if someone is standing outside on the sidewalk, make sure the front lights are on
- never turn on the TV before 3AM
- never have more than 1 faucet running
- if the lights turn off, hide until you hear the front door open
- if you walk into a room and everything goes quiet, do not move until sound returns
- if the lights don't turn on, hide in a closet
- if a clock chimes while you are on the stairs, go back the way you came without turning around
- if bathtub/sink is full of water, drain it immediately. If the water has turned red, turn the radiio/TV on as loud as you can
- if you hear a dog barking, go open the back door. 